Write a separate program to accomplish each of these exercises. Save each
program with a filename that follows standard Python conventions, using
lowercase letters and underscores, such as simple_message.py and simple
_messages.py.
2-1. Simple Message: Assign a message to a variable, and then print that
message.
2-2. Simple Messages: Assign a message to a variable, and print that message.
Then change the value of the variable to a new message, and print the new
message.
Save each of the following exercises as a separate file with a name like
name_cases.py. If you get stuck, take a break or see the suggestions in
Appendix C.
2-3. Personal Message: Use a variable to represent a person’s name, and print
a message to that person. Your message should be simple, such as, “Hello Eric,
would you like to learn some Python today?”
2-4. Name Cases: Use a variable to represent a person’s name, and then print
that person’s name in lowercase, uppercase, and title case.
2-5. Famous Quote: Find a quote from a famous person you admire. Print the
quote and the name of its author. Your output should look something like the
following, including the quotation marks:
Albert Einstein once said, “A person who never made a
mistake never tried anything new.”
2-6. Famous Quote 2: Repeat Exercise 2-5, but this time, represent the
famous person’s name using a variable called famous_person. Then compose
your message and represent it with a new variable called message. Print your
message.
2-7. Stripping Names: Use a variable to represent a person’s name, and include
some whitespace characters at the beginning and end of the name. Make sure
you use each character combination, "\t" and "\n", at least once.
Print the name once, so the whitespace around the name is displayed.
Then print the name using each of the three stripping functions, lstrip(),
rstrip(), and strip()
TASKS:
2-8. Number Eight: Write addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division
operations that each result in the number 8. Be sure to enclose your operations
in print() calls to see the results. You should create four lines that look like this:
print(5+3)
Your output should simply be four lines with the number 8 appearing once
on each line.
2-9. Favorite Number: Use a variable to represent your favorite number. Then,
using that variable, create a message that reveals your favorite number. Print
that message.
2-10. Adding Comments: Choose two of the programs you’ve written, and
add at least one comment to each. If you don’t have anything specific to write
because your programs are too simple at this point, just add your name and
the current date at the top of each program file. Then write one sentence
describing what the program does.